MAGEDOC-3872-add-import-option-sorting-info (#139)
magento/merchdocs: src/catalog/product-create-bundle.md

    _Item Detail_

1. Repeat these steps for each item you want to add to the bundle.
   

> 1. To change the order of items in a bundle section, click the **Move** ( ![Move icon]({% link images/images/btn-drag.png %}){: .Inline} ) icon at the beginning of the row, and drag the item to the new position. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To change the order of items in a bundle section, click the **Move** ( ![Move icon]({% link images/images/btn-drag.png %}){: .Inline} ) icon at the beginning of the row and drag the item to the desired ordered position. 
```

Author: I think this is OK as is.

Author: Can't quite bring myself to use the word "desired" in user docs!  (too much longing and craving there!)  I think "drag the item into position" says it all! :-)

   
    ![]({% link images/images/product-bundle-items-move.png %}){: .zoom}
    _Change the Order of Bundle Items_

    The order of items can also be changed in the data of an exported bundle product, and then reimported into the catalog. To learn more, see [Importing Bundle Products]({% link system/data-transfer-bundle-products.md %}).

> 1. To change the order of sections in a bundle product, click the **Move** ( ![Move icon]({% link images/images/btn-drag.png %}){: .Inline} ) icon in the header of the section, and drag the section to the new position. To have a better view of the workspace, collapse each section first, and then drag them into position. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To change the order of sections in a bundle product, click the **Move** ( ![Move icon]({% link images/images/btn-drag.png %}){: .Inline} ) icon in the header of the section and drag the section to the new position. To have a better view of the workspace, collapse each section first and then drag them into position. 
```

Author: I think this is OK as is.
